Hey, good evening, family. How are y'all
doing today? Good morning, or
wherever you are from. I know
it's late,
but I thought I would
come on and pray with y'all for a little
bit before you all go to bed and go
over some of the things we saw last time
so I don't skip today. I told
Diana,
"I feel in my heart to
pray for a little bit."So I'm going to
go on and pray with the family. Instead
of just praying by myself, I'll pray with
y'all and see what the Lord shows us.
There's a lot going on in
our beautiful nation.
I talked to a lady
today and I
want to pray for her family. I told
her I would,
but I won't mention their names
because I didn't ask for permission. One
is
dealing with some
real heavy pornography issues, and another was
dealing with an addiction to
medications
like
opioids.
Folks, it's an epidemic across
this nation—more than what we realize,
at least in my circle, until you start
coming across people it's affecting
majorly.
It's tragic,
but we know who is greater, and it's our
God. We're going to pray for people
tonight who have an addiction to
pharmaceutical drugs. I really have
compassion for them after you talk to
folks and find out that their
family is strung out on this stuff.
It destroys lives.
It starts out probably really
simple
with pain or whatever you're going
through, and then your body gets addicted
to this stuff and you don't know
how to get off of it. It's
the same problem with fentanyl and all
these
other things that come across the
border,
from oxycodone
to Lortabs,
whatever. I'm not really
familiar with all the names, but
I know there are a lot of
people dealing with this
who
do not know how to get off of it.
It's sad. Then you
have people addicted to
pornography, looking at bad
stuff on the internet. It's so
easily
accessible in this
generation, even more than when I was a
teenager. It's not
just teenagers; it's adults.
It's become more grotesque with
all these different sites and
easy access to this stuff, and people
are addicted and need help.
I'm going to tell you,
Jesus came to set you free. There's an
expiration date to it. I truly believe
that if we lean in and trust in the Lord
and get into the Word concerning
things like addictions,
bondages, and
strongholds—major strongholds—Jesus
came to set you
free. That's why I would encourage
you to take communion every day, praying
for your loved ones who are strung out
on these drugs or alcohol.
One of her kids was
strung out on alcohol,
and
he's getting better.
I
believe it will
continue—the
manifestation of what they're believing
for, for alcohol to be completely off
this family. It's all
addictions. The devil comes at you,
and
if you give him just a little bit,
he'll push the door wide open and start
to
kill, steal, and destroy your life.
You think it's just innocent,
just a little soft
porn,
and the next thing you
know, you're in something so deep you
don't even realize
it. It becomes live chats and all
that other trash. I know
there's a lot of
the body of Christ that needs help.
We're not here to
shame you; we're here to help you. We
want to pray for you. I love you
and
want
to
tell you that God has a plan for your
life. It's not to shame you or beat you
down and make you feel inadequate, like
God can't use you. No,
that's what the devil tries to make you
feel like when you're addicted to these
pills.
It starts messing with your
personality and your mind
because you've opened up demonic doors,
and it starts messing with the
hormones of your mind and
everything else. It's very
serious. So we'll pray for them tonight,
and we'll pray for anyone else on here
who
has those addictions and
bondages—whether
you're bound to
pornography, alcohol,
gambling, or whatever. I
just feel in my heart to pray for all of
you.
Braden had the idea from
watching some of Alex Jones's clips. Alex
Jones does a long broadcast every day
that
goes for three or four
hours. Braden said, "You know, Daddy, he
takes those segments on each one
of his broadcasts, takes the
highlights, and just makes one
video on X for 10 or 15
minutes and highlights that conversation
so
people don't get lost in it."He
said,
"So that's what I'm going to do.
I'm going to take the highlight reel of
your prayer sessions every time you
pray. If it goes two or three
hours, we'll just upload it and
do it like Alex Jones does.
We'll do 10-minute sections of
the highlights of that prayer part.
They can pray with you if they feel led
to, and if not, they can move on
to the next one. I'll split the
video up over the course of a day or so
and put little things in it and
make it cool for them—maybe some
graphics or whatever. Then we'll put
it on each one of the channels, and
if they don't want to spend time
watching the whole thing, then that's on them."He
said,
"At least we can
let the Holy Spirit move, and if the
people want to criticize, they can go
watch the small
ones."I
thought, "That's pretty smart,
Braden."He
thought that
through,
and I was really proud of that. He
said,
"Hey, Alex Jones did it,
Daddy."I
said, "Okay."So that's what
we're going to do. We uploaded one of
them. We have another one almost
done
about the
roses.
I saw a bunch of
roses—all
really tight-stem roses—this last
time. It was beautiful how
all of these roses, a bouquet
of all
white roses, were ready. They had
this beautiful
lace wrapped around them.
You know how you
can take tissue paper at the
flower
shop and wrap them in tissue paper
or whatever, and it makes it like a
really pretty thing for a homecoming
queen,
and they present it
to the person? This was wrapped
in lace—all beautiful
lace—and
these flowers were
all so tightly closed. They
were fresh roses,
white as snow. They were so beautiful,
tight roses.
Then I saw the hoopa again.
The Lord showed me that hoopa with
all the tinsel and the beautiful
lights and the beautiful things about
this hoopa and all of the carvings
of olive
wood.
The olive
wood
was all carved into
this hoopa for the
marriage supper. It was symbolic
of
the ceremony,
and the Lord is showing us He's getting
ready.
It's symbolic. I don't
know if we're all standing underneath a
hoopa,
folks; I don't
really believe that's what He's saying.
He's saying, "I'm coming.
I'm coming."I'm getting ready for the
bride. I'm getting ready for my church.
I'm getting ready for my
ekklesia.
It's time for my church to wake up.
As I was looking at the roses and the
preparations for this feast—what I told
you about the tables and all the
ceremony—I
truly believe God is
going to celebrate us as we come home.
As I was
looking at all the attention to
detail, how everything was polished
and the
varnish on the wood was so beautiful,
all the beautiful leaves and
the
extensions on
that hoopa
were so
perfect and designed for celebration.
As I was looking at it,
you could get lost in all of it. But
then the Lord allowed us, as we
continued
to pray, to
see
into the tribulation.
I saw holes in the Statue of
Liberty. I saw massive sections
of what
looked like
steel that had been pulled back
and holes in the side of the Statue of
Liberty with smoke. It looked like
it was burning, but you
can't burn metal. For
whatever reason,
smoke was coming out from the inside of
the Statue of Liberty.
Not from the outside in, but from the
inside out.
Whatever was burning was on the inside
because
smoke was coming up, and there
were
soot and dark smudges all on
the side of the statue. I could see
the base of her feet and
everything
was dark with black marks, but
there were holes all in the side of
it.
As I was looking, I was
able to see a view from afar, from
the ocean in, and I could see all of New
York burning. It looked like something
out of a bad movie. There
were
buildings there,
but there was smoke like
when you light a bunch of
tires on fire.
That's the kind of smoke that was coming
out of New York. There was so much fire
and smoke.
As I was
looking across America, at the rioting
and the pillaging of this nation, I
truly believe I was looking into
the
tribulation.
Even looking into Europe, I saw the
Vatican on fire. I
could see Europe was on fire.
Rome—it
was all fires.
If you go back to what I told you all,
the moment the rapture happens, when the
church and the covering is taken away,
that prayer covering is gone. When
the church is removed,
there's a peace that we experience
every day of our lives. We wake up and
have a sense of peace
without
even realizing it.
There's a sense of a prayer covering
from the church because we bring the salt
and the light
to
this earth. As we are here in
this earth
interceding for the nations—that's why
we have this channel. 2,500 of you right
now are watching.
We're prayer warriors. We're hungry. We're
thirsty. We're the ones that bring
that light into the darkness.
I truly believe as the church is removed, based
on
what I experienced when I was
allowed to see the tribulation with the
Lord, that prayer covering is removed.
And there are Christians
left here who are lukewarm.
I'm telling you, there are lukewarm
Christians. People say, 'Oh, Brandon,
I don't believe that.'No, I'm
telling you. The Bible says
there were ten virgins.
Five had their lamps full of
oil and five didn't.
All of them knew the bridegroom was
coming, but five were expecting him and had
their lamps full and ready, and five
didn't.
They were all
looking for him, but some had an earnest
expectation and
were
prepared spiritually while the
others weren't. I believe that's a
representation of the church.
There will be people left
because they don't have their lamps full
of oil.
I truly believe the
parable of the virgins is talking about
what's about to take place.
The Bible says he would rather you be
hot or cold, but if you're lukewarm,
he'll spew you out of his mouth.
He's looking for the ones right now
who
are hot for
him—the
ones right now who are on fire,
who
are all-in. But
for
a good percentage of
you, you
like living on the fence. You
like living with one foot in the world
and one foot in the church. You may
sleep around, have a little
sex on the weekend, party,
and
drink
while
not
being
married. You're sleeping around on your
wife or your
husband. You have an open marriage. You
have all these things going on, and you
think you're okay with the Lord,
but you're so mistaken.
He would
rather you be hot or cold, but you're
lukewarm. Some of you
are
so cold you
could
freeze.
I'm not trying to be
funny. I'm trying to tell you there
is a time coming, and
what's about to take place is a great
shaking.
The church is not ready.
I keep going over this
because it's on me
to warn you.
If I
were
in that position where I didn't
hear it all the time from the Holy
Spirit echoing inside of me, I
would
want somebody to tell me
even if I didn't tune in.
As I saw the fires burning
across Rome,
Italy, and
France—I'm
telling you,
when I watched the
tribulation with the Lord,
the moment the rapture took place,
everything was on fire. People were
rioting
and pillaging and acting like fools in just
a matter of seconds because that
covering was gone.
For
the first
time in their lives, they woke up and
didn't feel that peace.
They didn't have that sense of
peace and joy they always had and never
realized
they possessed. Even
the most wretched sinner,
even
a murderer or a rapist,
still feels it and they don't even
realize it. But you as a Christian
feel it even more
because he dwells on the inside of you.
As the world wakes up to
the reality that tribulation has begun,
there's a vast void,
and people burn things and act crazy in
a matter of seconds.
It's like a light switch comes on and
they realize that something is very
different.
I
tell you all this because
of what I saw in the visions concerning
our prayer time two days ago.
It
echoed inside of me
to pray for the ones who are blinded.
The Bible says that Satan has
blinded the eyes of the unbelievers,
and according to Ephesians,
we pray for the eyes
of their understanding to be
enlightened.
If you have unsaved
loved
ones—sons,
daughters,
husbands, wives,
grandparents,
aunts, or
uncles—I
believe the prayers of the
righteous avail much.
I believe
we're
going to see our unsaved loved ones come
to the saving knowledge of Jesus Christ
before a shaking comes.
I truly believe this because of how
merciful God is, and how he keeps saying,
'I extended time. I don't want
anyone to perish,
but all to come to repentance.'He said, "This
is the first time in history that
it is
Me that makes the choice to
end
time."As
a human being,
you
go through your whole life and I give
you an opportunity. It's
appointed unto man once to die and after
that the judgment. It's appointed
unto
all of us once to die, but it's our
choice whether we accept Jesus Christ as
our Lord and personal savior. But this
is the first time in history that God
says, "It's done. It's time.
Time's over. It's no more, son. Go get
them."This
is
the first time that He made
the choice. It's over. Time's up.
Everybody
has a point in time in life. Usually,
you could have 80 years.
On average, it's 60 or 70 years.
But at least you had time in
your life. You had a choice.
Whether you saw an ad on TV for a church
and you felt that tugging, it says, "No
man comes to the Father unless he's
drawn by
Him."But
I guarantee you, because of the
scripture that God so loved the world
that He gave His one and only Son, that
whosoever would believe in Him should
not perish but all come to repentance.
He doesn't want anybody going to hell.
In fact, He didn't make hell for humans.
He made hell for the devil.
You go there because you choose it.
But
when
this
dispensation of grace comes to an end,
that's the timeframe when God says it's
done. He's so merciful. He keeps
giving time. He keeps saying,
"Brandon,
call out. Call again. Give
them another opportunity to
accept my Son.
Tell them today that I love them. Tell
them today that they need to repent and
change."I
believe every single
person
that Jesus healed in the Bible wasn't a
believer. They weren't born-again
believers.
They were sinners.
He came to save that which was lost. But
His grace was sufficient enough that
even
while
we were yet
sinners, Christ died for us. I butchered that scripture. My deaconess here can look out for me. "Even when we were yet sinners, Christ died for us,"I believe
is what it says exactly. But I
want to say this: He died for every
single one of you, even knowing that you
were a sinner. He loved you. But He
healed those that were
all of them. The one with the issue of
blood, look at them. They weren't all
Christians.
They were unsaved. But whenever
He laid hands on them and they got
healed, He would say, "Go and sin no
more, lest a worse thing come upon
you."He
required them to change.
Even after He laid hands on them
or touched them,
He imparted grace. He was merciful. He
said, "Go and sin no more."He didn't
say, "Keep doing what you're
doing. You live the way you want to.
My grace is sufficient for
you. Just keep going and do how you want
to. I'll heal you by my
mercy, but you can live the way you want
to
live."No,
that's not what He said.
He told every single one of them they
had to repent.
Even John the Baptist said, "Repent. Turn.
Turn."You
must know Jesus Christ as your
Lord and personal savior. Unless a man
is born again, he cannot enter into the
kingdom of God.
That's what the word says.
It's
appointed unto man once to die, and after
that the judgment. I'm telling you, to be
absent from the body is to be present
with the Lord. That's what the Lord says
to us in His word.
But I want to tell you this: you must
repent. You must change and turn from
your wicked ways.
You're running out of time.
You don't understand that it's appointed
unto man
once to die.
No one is promised tomorrow.
The very shoes you put on your feet
today to go to work or Walmart,
the undertaker
might be taking them off. You might have
a tragic car accident on the way home.
You
just never know.
I want you to be assured inside of
your heart that if you were to die
today,
where would you spend eternity? If you
were to die tonight in your sleep, where
would you spend eternity? You might be
80 years old and you can't sleep right
now and you're watching this.
This might be your last
moments
on this earth, but you don't know
Him.
That should scare the crap out of you.
Do you understand? To be that close to
spending
eternity in hell if you don't know
Jesus Christ is the biggest mistake
you'll ever make.
You must know Him, my friend.
But not only that, He must know you. There
are
a lot of people that claim they
know Him. The five virgins
who
thought they knew the bridegroom.
"Oh look, he's coming.
Can we borrow some of your
oil?"They
weren't prepared for themselves. They
thought they could mooch off of somebody
else's experience.
They thought they could experience the
glory from somebody else's experience
and borrow their oil. But it's not
somebody else's experience that's going
to get you there.
It's not your mama's experience,
your dad's, or your
grandma's experience. It's not their
oil. It's not the Holy Ghost inside of
them that's going to get you there.
You can't rely on their experience to
get you to heaven.
Do you know Him?
I have such an urgency to tell you
tonight: you must know Him.
As I saw the flowers, as I see the
wedding feast, as I see the buildings
burning, and He keeps showing me this
over and over again, and I see
the Statue of Liberty with huge
holes in it and the Vatican burning, and
I see all the things the
Lord shows me, it's always just a couple
years out, sometimes
ten.
Sometimes it's months,
but it usually comes
to pass in some way. There
is
always the
possibility
it
is
altered by prayer. That's why I told you:
people say, "Brandon, you're a
prophet."I'm
an intercessor.
I intercede for the nations.
Most
people go, "What does that
mean?"Well,
I'm a watchman. I tell you, I feel like
the Lord's instructed me to tell you
what I see coming. And if it proves to
be accurate, fine. Keep listening. If
not, you say I'm flaky, then don't
watch.
You can click it off just like you do
anything else.
But I just wanted to tell you tonight,
Jesus loves you and He has a plan for
your life.
I don't know when He's coming. No
man knows the day or the hour. But I'm
going to tell you this: I have an
urgency inside of my spirit as I pray
for President Trump, as I see him
drinking things. And the Lord says,
"Pray for him that they don't
poison him. Pray for him that they don't
poison his food. Pray for him if they're
trying to figure out a way to hurt this
man."Things
fly by his ears. How many times
from the golf course to
Pennsylvania has
there been something that has been
stopped that we don't even know about?
They
haven't even told you
because they're not going to announce
everything. I'm sure
of
the threats.
But I know that it's our job as the
church to pray for our
leaders—the
governors, our mayors, our
people of power. Even now, you people of
New York, you must pray for that man
in New York. And I know that will be
very hard to do
as he is as blatant as a communist.
God help him.
Muslim evil, evil, evil man. And you
voted him into power. And like the Lord
said,
he lied to y'all.
You'll learn he'll lie to y'all.
I pray for God to shake this
nation.
But now you pray for him to have a
radical visitation from Jesus. It's
required of you
to pray for your leaders. The Bible
says
to pray for those
who
are in authority over us. Pray for them. You
all
voted them in, so you're going to
have to pray for them now.
I pray for President Trump all the time.
I pray for his family. I pray for his
marriage. The Lord told me to pray for
his marriage. There
are
things there that
needed prayer. He tells me all kinds of
things to pray for that man. I pray for
his sons. I pray for their marriages. I
pray for their children.
It's a continual
prayer covering because it's what God's
required us to do. It's easier because
when the Lord speaks to me specifically
about the man, that he must finish his
race,
he must finish what God's called him to
do because he's part of the end times.
I
saw his buildings being
attacked again. I see him on fire. I see
attacks coming against him. I see
attacks against the White House. I see
attacks against all kinds of things.
The Lord keeps—that's why I come on here
and I tell you all this. You must pray. I
prayed
against the Super Bowl.
But I'll go over what I saw, okay? I
saw New York City. I saw the subway
system. I saw them blow up the
underwater tunnels and they flooded them
with water, and many people were dead
within a couple of minutes.
All the mass transit in New York
City—they're
planning to attack it.
That's what I saw.
And it wasn't just in one place; it was
in five major cities. And I've already
told you those cities. If you're a
student and somebody who follows me,
you'll know who those five major cities
are.
That's what I was trying to tell you
all to pray about. But a lot of times
when you bring things on there that are
that heavy across the public platform,
I question it. I go, 'Well,
Lord, should I say that or not?'But I
tell these things because, you know,
maybe you'd be one that rides the
subway.
But it was flooded, and all the
water flooded in within just seconds.
And there was no way for the emergency
crews to get to the people. They were
drowned.
Millions of gallons of water
flooded every one of them.
It was the same in Chicago.
It was the same in these areas. I don't
know how it happens, but I saw water.
So,
is it a big deal? Yes.
But is it something that I don't
want to talk about on this platform very
often? No. There's a lot of things that
I see that I don't feel comfortable
talking about,
but I tell you if I feel led to. I told
you I was bold enough to tell you about
Donald Trump's food.
So I just keep pushing.
You know, it's not easy to come on here
and tell you I see a president's food
being poisoned. I see a president... I
don't know what I'm seeing, but I feel
like this is what's going to happen. And
we must pray for him. Do you know how
hard it is sometimes to come on here and
say that kind of stuff? But I do it.
After it was over, the devil, I'm
telling you, tried to rake me over the coals:
'You idiot, you should never say
that.'Talking
over and over in my mind. I said,
'Shut up, Satan.'That's when I know it's
accurate.
That's whenever I know even more that
it's accurate—whenever he comes to try
to torment me because he doesn't want
the effectual prayers of the righteous
to avail much.
So we pray for the president. We pray for
his children. We pray for his health. We
pray for his heart. We pray for his
legs. We pray for his arteries, for
strokes, for blood clots.
And we pray over our nation
that they do not
keep this government shut down before
Thanksgiving because mass chaos in the
airports will be there for the Thanksgiving
holidays. And I saw a strategic plot
concerning the airways
for the holiday season,
betting that they will not open our
government.
And I even saw how it was created. And
the Lord said to me,
'Pray.'So
I do.
I do my job, and I'm thankful for every
single 4,300 of you that come on here
and pray. Pray over our airways for the
FAA. Is that right? FAA? That's
the people... TSA. Thank you, TSA. Pray for
the TSA that they show up. They're not
getting paid right now, some of them.
And I
specifically saw Atlanta.
Pray over Atlanta airport.
Pray over Chicago airport. Pray over
Washington D.C.'s airport and Boston's
airport.
Pray over these people that they're
overwhelmed and people aren't
showing up for work because we have a
government that is
absolutely goofy,
not even opening up things and
bringing security and safety. They
had to stop a thousand flights
today.
A thousand flights were cancelled
and I thought, 'Wow,
how much more for in the next two
weeks, three
weeks?'We
must open our government back up and
we must get people back to work and we
must pray for the Supreme Court
justices.
The Lord said this is not an
option. The Supreme Court justices will
rule in the favor of the tariffs.
We will see this for helping
our economy.
He said, 'Don't,'because I was like, 'Lord,
what if it doesn't?'He said,
'Failure is not an option.
You must pray
for the hearts of them to go with
this, for if it does not, the American
economy is in trouble.
This is the rescue
plan.'And
I just pray. I saw him
paddling with all his heart. He's
sweating. And it was symbolic.
He's trying to help us because I told
you we were already at the point of no
return concerning the finances, but he's
keeping it afloat. This is not
something that's going to stop it
forever. It's just buying you time.
A 1930s-style crash is coming eventually.
People get so mad about that. 'He's
saying all this stuff.'Listen, let the
elevator go to the top. Look
at the deficit of this nation.
We're 40 trillion dollars in the hole.
How much credit card debt
is over the average American person?
And we already know what the Bible says,
that there's a beast system that's
rising, a one-world order. That's what
the Bible says. So, we already know what
the Bible says is coming. And if you
truly believe we're in the last days,
we're right at the edge of this.
But God said, 'I'm giving you a little
time for the church to bring in the
finances for the great harvest that I'm
wanting to come in. It will cost
money.'Well,
it's not—'It's just free, brother,
to have it.'You've never run a church
then. That shows how ignorant some
people are. 'We don't need money to do
that.'Are
you kidding me? Whenever I worked for
a megachurch,
our
electricity bill for that church in
the summer, because it was so hot, was
$17,000 a month just to keep the air on.
The water bill was thousands
because everybody wanted to flush the
toilet,
and food and water and things
like that for activities. If they
ordered pizza, it was thousands.
But you don't need money? And it's like,
do you understand? It costs money. So,
we're believing God for supernatural
funds for the end times. That's what
you're believing for. You need to. It's
not just us four and no more; you
should be believing for your church to
be paid off so that your pastor doesn't
have stress over the top of him where he
goes, 'Man, I don't know how we're going
to make it if the economy
crashes.'Because
guess what? They're not going to
be merciful on the megachurches
that
have notes on their buildings and they
can't pay because people aren't paying
their tithes. So, we need to believe God
for supernatural money to pay off this
stuff so that they don't have all that
stress on them. I believe in 'owe no
man anything but to love him.'So, we
need to believe for the supernatural
extra.
Don't go into debt. Debt makes
you
a slave to the lender,
and it's terrible.
So, you do the best you can.
But I believe God is exceedingly
abundantly above all that we ask or
think. It's the same thing when it
comes to everything; I'm always
believing God for a creative idea to
bring it in. Show me.
If you show these people creative ideas
and inventions, you can show me.
I messed up.
I went off
on the road telling you about the
salvation altar call, and I went off on
that other trail, and that was not the
Holy Spirit to do that at that moment.
If you're watching this and
you felt the pulling
on your heart and Jesus was tugging at
you, I apologize.
I apologize to you. I messed up.
If you're here right now
and that tugging was on your heart and
you felt it and you said, 'Brandon, I
would
just like to accept Jesus Christ
as my Lord and personal savior right
now,'I
told you it is appointed for man once to
die and after that judgment. But if
you've never accepted Jesus Christ as
your Lord and personal savior and
you feel that stirring on the inside of
you—you
felt it earlier and me being
insensitive
to the Holy Spirit right
then—I
apologize.
But I want to give you an opportunity
before I move on. If you've never
experienced Jesus Christ and
confessed him as your Lord, tonight's
your night. I want you right now to get
serious about Jesus.
He's standing at your door and he's
knocking at your heart.
All the things I told you about the
tribulation, all the things I've told
you about the marriage supper, I want
you to make a choice tonight. Either
way, you're making a choice. If you
don't choose him, you're still making a
choice.
But I want you to choose the right
decision. Make the right choice, make
the right decision, and accept Jesus
Christ as your Lord and personal savior.
And if you're here tonight and
you've never accepted the Lord or
you used to know him and you're
living in sin, you've backslidden, you're
not living right, and you're watching
this right now, I want you to make a
choice. I want you to say in the comment
section right now: 'I want to be saved.
I want to be saved. I need Jesus and I
want to be
saved.'I'm
asking the Lord to forgive me
tonight. I need help.
I've been strung out on drugs, I'm
strung out on pornography, and I'm strung
out on these things. You have
all these things you're going through,
but tonight's your night and you want to
be
free. You want help.
We're going to pray for that. Also,
you may be strung out on drugs
or
pills, prescription
drugs, but you're here
tonight and you're saying, 'I need help.
Would you please pray for me?'Just say
in the comment section, 'I need prayer
tonight. I want somebody to pray for me.
I've been strung out on drugs,
sex,
pornography,
and
alcohol. I just need somebody
to pray for me tonight.'There's two
categories,
but tonight's your night and you're here
and you just need prayer or you need to
be saved. Type 'two'if you want to be
saved. Type 'one'if you want prayer just
for drugs
or pornography or something, or
'three'for
both. Maybe
you're strung out on all of it and
you need help with all of it. Maybe it's
three. Maybe you're a
two; you need to get saved.
But I want to say a prayer for all
of you tonight. I'll lump it all into
one. But I'm telling you, if you're
here, it's not by accident. It's almost
11 o'clock at night.
I've talked for over an hour, but I know
in my heart that God said, 'I want you
to go on there tonight and pray with my
people and talk to them.
Give them an opportunity.
Tell them I'm
coming.'And
I say, 'I'll do it, Lord.
It is late. Who would be on here so
late?'And
we have 4,600 people right
now. And I'm telling you,
this might be your opportunity. This
might be your only opportunity to accept
Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal
savior. Or you may be so strung
out on drugs; you might
overdose
tonight. Who knows? But I'm telling you
that it's not a coincidence that you're
here. And I just want to pray with you.
And if this is ministering to you right
now and you feel that tug on your heart,
I want you to be bold about it and tell
everybody. We're not here to condemn
you. We're not here to hit you and say,
'Oh, you're this or
that.'We're
here to tell you we love you and
we're here to pray for you.
But I want you to be bold about your
decision. I'll give you a couple of
seconds here and then I'm going to pray
for you.
But tonight's your night for your
breakthrough.
Tonight's your night to accept Jesus
Christ. Tonight's your night to get
free. Tonight's your night. Say, 'I want
to be free. I don't want to live this
anymore.
I don't want to be strung out on these
pills anymore. I don't want to be strung
out on porn anymore. I don't want to
be strung out on alcohol. I don't want
to smoke dope anymore. I'm having a real
problem with marijuana since they made
it legal,
spending my life high all the
time.'But
you're just trying to bury the pain
inside.
Something more is deep inside. You're
hurting so bad. But Jesus came to set
you free tonight.
Usually that's what drugs or alcohol is
trying to do: you're just trying to
bury the pain,
sexual addictions, all kinds of things.
But we want to say a prayer for you
right now. I want you to say this prayer
with me with
your whole heart. The
Bible says with the heart confession
is
made unto salvation. And I believe that
tonight as you confess your sins, he is
faithful and just to forgive you of your
sins and cleanse you of all
unrighteousness.
So I want to say this prayer and then
we'll go to them for a little bit and
then we'll close.
Say: 'Jesus,
I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner
and I need a savior.
I ask you to forgive me for all the
things I've done wrong.
Jesus, from this day forward, I turn my
back on the world. I turn my back on the
devil. I turn my back on all the sin
that I've been committing.
And I ask you to help me.
I repent of my sins. I turn from my
wicked ways, but I can't do it on my
own. I need you. And the only way I'm
going to get through this is by your
grace and by your mercy,
Jesus. I ask you to forgive me of all
the stuff I've been doing.
Write my name in the Lamb's book of
life.
I'll serve you all the rest of my life,
and from this day forward
I'm sold out to you.
Thank you Lord that today I'm saved.
Thank you Lord that today I'm free in
the name of
Jesus.'Now
I'm going to pray for the people who
have addiction problems.
That was the altar call for
salvation. Now Father, is there anybody
that needs to be free from addictions?
Okay. Father, I thank you, Lord. I come
in an agreement with you right now for
every person who's been dealing with
pornography.
You're
looking at bad stuff all the time, but
you just don't know how to get free from
it. But Jesus said
he would cast
no one out, that all can come to the
receiving knowledge of Jesus Christ and
come to repentance. And
tonight, all
those addictions, all those things from
alcohol to pornography to cigarettes or
whatever you may be overcoming, it's all
under the blood. And right now we repent
of it first. You've got to repent of it.
And then we kind of attack it in the
spirit and say, 'Satan, you've got to let them
go.'But
Father, we repent of it. And
as we repent of it, we turn from it and
we're not going to touch it anymore. But
Holy Spirit, we ask you to
become so real to us and that this
burden—for
you said
the anointing is the burden-removing,
yoke-destroying
power.
And from this day forward, from pill
addictions to alcohol, from
pornography to all these things, we
command you in the name of Jesus Christ
of Nazareth: let these people go.
Let them go now in the name of Jesus. We
command every foul devil of stronghold
of addiction to be broken off of their
life in the name of Jesus. And Your word
says, 'Whom the Son has set free is
free indeed.'And we call them free in
the name of Jesus. We say,
'Father, we get in the word,'and the Bible
says we will know the truth and the
truth of God's word will set us free and
make us free.
I thank You that tonight's a new
night. Father, we dedicate ourselves to You,
that Holy Spirit, You will deal with
this. You will just burn this
out of our
lives—healing
every part of
their brain, from chemistry, from
the hormones, from looking at this stuff,
from the addiction to the chemistry and
the hormone imbalances in our bodies. I
thank You, Lord, that they're healed and
whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Delivered from opioids, from fentanyl, to
alcohol. We thank You, Lord, that that
foul devil from hell releases them right
now in the name of Jesus and lets them
go.
Let them go in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that the blood
of Jesus Christ covers them and we call
that devil out of them and we say, 'Let
them go'in
Jesus'name.
They will not be bound by this demonic
spirit anymore.
Thank You, Father, that You're drying it
up. You're drying it up by the power of
the Holy Ghost. We call that dried up in
Jesus'name
over their eye
gates—that,
Father, it would make them nauseous just
to look at people doing that stuff
on the computer anymore. It would make
them nauseous, sick to their stomach.
They say, 'I can't. It's
repulsive.'It's
repulsive to You, Lord. It's
repulsive to them. Father, I thank You,
Lord, that
they would even dream about it.
They would say, 'Lord, I don't
want it
anymore,'that
You would visit them in their
dreams. You would visit them in their
sleep and say that all that
demonic from Incubus
to succubus—that's
what I'm hearing—is free from them in
Jesus'name.
You foul devils of pornography, let
these people go,
men and women. I'm hearing the Lord say
men and women.
It's not just a men's problem; it's a
women's
problem too. The Lord said, 'All
kinds of people walking through
perversion tonight, and you're being set
free.'Tonight
is your night for your
expiration date to pornography. Tonight
is the expiration date for pill
addiction and alcohol addiction. Tonight
is the night that Jesus Christ sets you
free. You're going to believe it and you
receive it. Now
find scriptures that pertain. Every
time you feel the urge to go do things
like
that—alcohol
or whatever you feel the
urge to go
do—find
scriptures that pertain. Father, I thank
You, Lord, that You came to set the
captives free. Find scriptures
and read those scriptures every time you
want to go and take a pill. Read a
scripture.
Read that scripture over and over and
over again until it says—the Bible
says in James 4:7, 'Submit
yourselves
therefore unto God. Resist the
devil and he will flee.'Submit
yourselves
therefore unto God.
So we submit ourselves by getting in the
word. We submit ourselves by doing what the
word says. We read this word, you'll
know the truth and the truth will set
you free. 'Submit yourselves therefore unto
God. Resist the devil and he will
flee.'Satan,
I will not do this anymore. I
don't belong to you.
I call myself free from pills. I call
myself free from alcohol. I'm submitting
myself to You, Lord, and You will set me
free.
He said, 'You will know the truth and
the truth will set you
free,'the
truth of God's word.
So you Google and find scriptures on
the Bible app. You say,
'There are scriptures on addiction,
scriptures on alcoholism, scriptures on
pornography,'or
whatever. And on the
Bible app—usually Life.Church has
that good one; it's called the Bible app
or whatever—you go in there and you
can type that in and it'll pull up
all the scriptures. Find them. Make
them real to you. When you get real with
God, God will become real to
you.
Let God become alive inside of
you by letting this word of God get in
you. It will change you from the
inside out. The word of God will change
you from the inside out. You can't fight
a devil empty.
You must be full of the word of God.
It's like my friend Billy says, 'Let
your full fight for you.
Let your full fight for you.'So get
full on the word of God tonight. Get
this word down inside of you. And that's
the only thing. I don't care; it's not
any five-step program. You know, you
go to
AA—it's
helped folks. But I'm
telling you, the real truth behind it
is, no matter how much AA has helped
folks, the word of God helps you
more than anything else.
It's alive.
Find scripture and stand on it.
Write it down and memorize it and get it
in your heart. And if you fall down and
you look at something bad, if your
fingers just go stupid and type
something in, you
repent immediately and shut the door.
Shut the door. 'Father, I repent and I
shut the door. I don't want to keep
going down this road. Lord, I repent and
I shut the door.'When you go and you
have an urge to take a pill or
whatever—however
you do it, I don't know, shoot in
your arm—'Oh God, I don't want this
anymore.'I
thank You that You're drawing
this out of my life. I'm free
from this. Every time you've got a puff on a
cigarette, or you go out there smoking
weed, or you're doing whatever, and
you're drawing on that tobacco or your
weed or crack or whatever: 'Father, I
thank You, Lord,
that You came to set the captives
free.'What
was it, Romans? Faith calls
those things that be not as though they
were. Okay.
Faith calls those things that be not
as though they were. And I'm free from
tobacco.
Faith calls those things that be not as
though they were. And I'm free from
pornography. I'm free. I'm free from
alcohol. I'm free from pills. You've got to
say that stuff. Your mountain has to
hear your voice.
So you've got to say that out of your mouth
and you believe it. Faith calls
those things that be not as though they
were.
So, that was part of that. I told
the lady I'd pray for her
family, and that was my agreement that I
would do that. We love you all, and
we don't want any of you... Romans 4:17.
Is that it? That's it. Romans
4:17.
I knew it was in Romans; I just didn't
remember the street address.
The street address always kind of
throws
me off.
It's 4:17. Romans 4:17. That's the
street address.
So, there's a whole bunch of street
addresses in there.
It gets—it's kind of overwhelming
to a new believer. That's
why you start off with something small:
read Proverbs and Psalms and
keep watching that over and over and
over again and reading that.
And you can go and start reading the
gospels: Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John.
It'll change you from the inside out.
Sixty-eight
people gave their heart to Jesus Christ
tonight. All to the glory of God. Every
single one of you, we're so excited that
you accepted the Lord tonight—all sixty-eight of
you. Now,
if you just made Jesus Christ
your Lord and personal Savior, welcome
to the family. Welcome to the family.
Now, I would find a
Bible-believing
church to go to. I want you to go to a
church. A
non-denominational is where
Diana,
my wife, and I would go. Go to a
non-denominational church and plug
yourself in there. Tell the pastor, 'I
just got born again on YouTube and I
want to be water baptized.'Get water
baptized there; get plugged in there. Go
Wednesdays, go Sundays, go to prayer group—whatever
you've
got to do to keep
your flame
fanned.
Don't go back to what you had
before. You've got to stay in the word
and you've got to stay around believers. Do not forsake the assembling of
yourselves with the brethren. That means
do not
skip
church. You have to go to church and
get yourself plugged in; that is what I
am
trying to tell you all. Brandon, you know it
is
late.
Get plugged in. Get water baptized. Find
a Bible and read it. If you cannot afford
a Bible, my wife and I would love to
give you your first Bible for free. All
you have to do is email us;
there
is
an email address in the description
or the comments below.
Email us and put
in the headline, 'I just got born again
on your channel and I would like a
free Bible, please.'Diana and I will
send you a free Bible just because we
want to celebrate your decision tonight
to give Jesus Christ your heart.
All glory to Jesus. Now, we are going to
go to the other part. If you all want to
pray for a little bit, I will pray with
you. I know it is late, but I did what
the Lord had asked me to do in this part. He did not say
anything about the prayer,
but He
wanted me to lead people to Jesus
tonight. Tonight, pray for it. 500
addicts
got set free tonight. I
believe with all my heart that tonight
is
the night of a new beginning for you.
Thank you, Father. All 500 of them are
getting free. Thank you, Father.
All glory to Jesus. I
am
so glad you all came. I hope you
enjoy doing this with
me—praying
and being a part of our
little prayer community here. It is
pretty awesome. We are up to
over
580,000 of you, almost 581,000,
and
we give all the glory to
Jesus for it. It is exciting.
We love what we are doing every
single day, leading people to Jesus. 68
people gave their hearts to the Lord;
last time.
So, Father, we just lift up
this time before You. We pray for a
little bit. Lord, whatever You have
on Your heart, we are so grateful
for every single person who
is
represented here tonight. We thank You,
Father, for the body. We take this
body in the name of Jesus, and we thank
You, Lord, that we are healed, whole,
and well by Your stripes. We
thank You, Father, that whom the Son
has
set free is free indeed in the mighty
name of Jesus. Amen and amen. Oh, take
the body. Lord, we plead the blood, and I
plead the blood over my eyes. I
thank You, Lord, as we pray over our
nation and as we pray over our president.
We thank You, Lord, for the blood that
covers this nation. We thank You,
Lord, that Your hand is on us and upon
us, and You have chosen us and called
us for such a time as this. If we
make much of the blood, the blood makes
much of us. We apply the blood over us
tonight. We apply the blood all around
us tonight and over my family, over my
wife, and over our finances. Thank You,
God, for how good You have been to us
today. Thank You, Lord, for all that You
provided for us today. Thank You, God,
for taking care of me, my wife, and my
kids. Thank you, Father; You have been so
good to us. Thank You, Father, that You
always provide for us
and
that we lack no good thing.
Father, I thank You for the hearts of
the people that You have called to be
around us, and they help
us. You are such a good God,
Lord. We plead the blood in Jesus'name. Amen and amen. You believe it; He is a good God.
He has gifts and surprises: finding
money, bills paid off, blessings
increase. I believe there
is
an expiration date to your
hard times. There is an expiration
date to the things that you struggle
with. There is an expiration date for it. It
is
not meant for us to go through the
storm all the time, folks.
We call peace to the storms. It
is
not meant for you to go through
hard times all the time. I know
sometimes we are refined; there is refining
and things happen. But I am going to tell
you this: we walk through the
valley of the shadow of death, but we
fear no evil. His rod and Thy staff
comfort us. He prepares a table before
us in the presence of all our enemies.
I like those bottles that are
squeeze-type
like that; isn't that nice? I do not make
a mess of myself.
I see... it is like you have a hole in your lip
and water is dripping.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for Your hand
on this house,
and I thank You, Lord, that I hear Your
voice
uninterrupted
and unhindered by any satanic or demonic
spirit. Father, I thank You that uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic spirit, You speak
through my vocal cords and think through
my mind. None of me and all of You in
Jesus'name.
All right, there we go. I said it right
that time; you
have
to get your brain going. That
is
it. So, Father, we thank You, Lord. We
plead the blood. We apply the precious
blood of Jesus.
Open the eyes of our hearts, Lord. If there
is
anything You want to show us,
if there is anything we can help You
with, Father...
Okay. He said, 'Pray over these things
and you can go.'Listen, this is where He
is
at. 20 minutes; we got this. Listen
to me right now. We are going to pray
over our unsaved loved ones. We
are
going to pray over the nation,
over this Supreme Court justice,
and over these people holding back the
budget for our
military and everybody else to get their
money. So, Father, right now in the name
of Jesus, we pray over South Korea
and
Australia. Father, we thank You,
Lord, that every single nation
represented here tonight other than
America, we call for Holy Ghost and
fire over their nations. We call for
revival in China, North Korea,
and
Vietnam. Father, there are so many
going through so much
communism
right now. But I know that the gospel
must be preached throughout the whole
world as a witness unto You, and then
the end will come. I thank You,
Lord, for the open doors of opportunity
to preach this gospel throughout all the
world—Iran,
all of them. Father, I
thank You, Lord, that the glorious
church will rise. Father, I thank You,
Lord, that it
would overwhelm
the governments in these areas where they
try to suppress and oppress the
gospel being preached.
I thank You, Lord, that the glorious
church will rise without spot or
wrinkle, and that the fire
and
the anointing of the Holy Ghost will go
before it and prepare a way
and set the captives free.
This will be the biggest harvest,
the largest harvest of souls this world
has ever seen. Father, we will
see the blinded eyes open and the deaf
ears open. Father, the lame will
leap, the tongue will speak. Father, I
thank You, Lord, that the dead will be
raised. Father, I thank You, Lord, that
this is a time like we have never seen
before. Lord, I thank You for
an
impartation of the anointing of the Holy
Ghost on Your people—that Your sons and
Your daughters, Your warriors, will rise
up in the name of Jesus. This
message
will spread
like a tsunami wave,
and the glorious church will rise
in South America, Africa, Asia, Europe,
and
the Middle East. Father, I thank You,
Lord, that every single nation
represented here
will see glory from sea to shining
sea—Canada
and
Mexico. Father, we thank You, Lord, for
the glory of the Lord is risen upon us.
We arise and shine, for the light
has come and the glory of the Lord is
risen on us. We apply the blood over
our nations tonight, and we call forth
finances in the name of Jesus so that we
have more than enough to get the job
done and lack no good thing. We call
our marriages whole and healthy and well
in Jesus'name, and our children are
raised up in a godly home; and Father,
when they get older, they will not depart
from it. We call our children
on-fire
for Jesus. We call our children
and Holy Ghost filled, radical young
Davids and Esthers. Father, I thank You,
Lord, that the glory of the Lord is
resting on our children.
Satan had a plan, but God's plan
is
bigger,
and Your plan destroys the devil's plan.
And we apply the blood over our children
tonight. We apply the blood over their
lives. We apply it over any
assignment, over the demonic assignments
that are sent to try to kill,
steal, and destroy. I plead the blood of
Jesus over our children tonight, Father,
that they're home and they're
safe. And if they're wayward
and
ran away from home or they're in
trafficking or wherever they may be,
Father, we call them home in
Jesus'name.
Angels of the Lord, go and get our
children;
bring them home
in Jesus'name. And we thank you, Lord,
that you're stirring in them right now
that they would call
and
say, 'Mom, dad,
I'm over here. Grandma, grandpa, whoever
is still alive.'Father, we thank you,
Lord, that they would tell them where they
are
in the midnight hour. Even, Father, they
would call and say, 'I'm over here. I'm
over there, wherever I'm safe or where I
need
help.'Father,
I thank you, Lord, that you're
bringing them home.
They're like the prodigals. Father, we
call the
prodigals
home. There's no
lost cause.
We call them home before Christmas
in the name of Jesus.
Angels, go and
help us right now.
Thank you.
It's like Billy said: the same
angel that helped Peter get out of
prison. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that you're helping them.
Whoever those are that helped those
in the Bible that were in bondage
and needed help, send those angels.
Send them the same angels
because they have experience; that's
what he always says: they have
experience. We thank you, Lord, that we
have angels that have
experience in getting the job done. And
we call our kids saved; we call our kids
delivered. None of them
are too far gone. Father,
you're stirring in their hearts right
now, even in the midnight hour,
in
the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that
the Holy Spirit that stirred in us
and
got us born again,
you're doing it in our kids
and
in our loved ones.
Father, I call for revival across this
nation. We pray
over our president and our
Supreme Court. We say in the name of
Jesus that you will decide and do the
things that need to be done, that they'll
not have any demonic influence outside
trying to infiltrate and cause havoc,
trying to pay them off. We call
for integrity in our court system in the
name of Jesus, and that they would do what the
Constitution says to do.
I thank you, Father.
We apply the blood and we
rise up as daughters and
sons and children of the Most High
God. We rise up, Father. We thank you,
Lord, for the Olympics. We
call confusion in the
enemy's camp.
And Father, any plans, plots, or any
kind of terrorist activity over our
holiday season—over Thanksgiving,
our travel, our
subways—that
they would all be brought
to justice in the name of Jesus and exposed
by
Homeland Security and the
FBI.
I thank you, Lord, for our local law
enforcement and our sheriff's
department. Father, they would see and
know. We plead the blood over our
college games and our
basketball games, whatever they may be,
massive gatherings. We call protection
over our law enforcement. Father, that
they would uncover plots in homecoming games
or whatever.
I'm sure all homecoming
games are over now,
but Father, we thank you, Lord, that
they're all covered. We cover our
football and our basketball and all
our sports.
Thank you, Father,
for
tailgate parties.
We praise you, Father,
that you have called us to the kingdom
for such a time as this. And we stand as
watchmen
on the wall. And we pray over
this beautiful nation. And we thank you,
Lord, that the angels of the Lord are
camping around our houses.
That a thousand should fall at our side
and ten thousand at our right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh. And that's including
flu, coronavirus, anything. Father, we
walk in divine health. I thank you, Lord,
that we're not subject to corona,
the
flu,
or
stomach bugs. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that Jesus Christ paid the price for us
to walk in victory over corona,
the
seasonal flu, and all of it. He
paid the price for us to walk in
victory.
And we thank you, Lord, that you are our
Holy Spirit flu shots and our
Holy Spirit corona shots. You protect
us and watch over us. We apply the
blood of Jesus over us tonight. And we
thank you, Father, for your angels that
are watching over us. We thank you, Lord,
for
your blood and your
grace. We thank you, Lord, for your
hand on the marriages that are here
tonight. Father, I thank you, Lord, for a
rekindling of love in the households.
Where strife would be
in the marriages, it causes so
much uneasiness in the household. We
thank you, Lord, that there's peace
in the marriages
represented here.
It's heaven on earth
when they're in their houses.
There's just love.
There's an overflow of love in the
house, not fighting and
bitterness and strife. The husband's
not afraid of the wife and the wife's
not afraid of the husband. There's
peace in the homes.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that
the husbands honor their
wives and they're praying because they
don't want their prayers to be
hindered, and the wives are honoring
their husbands. And Father, I thank you,
Lord, that there's a blessing and
a
flow of the Holy Ghost on the homes in
the name of Jesus. We praise you and
give you glory over the protection
of
President Trump's food tonight. We thank
you, Lord, that every food
he eats, no matter what he
drinks, Father, no deadly thing will
come nigh him, Melania, the
vice president, or the Supreme Court
justices.
No deadly thing will come nigh
their food.
I thank you, Lord, that every price tag,
every plot
for a bounty on any of their heads,
the blood of Jesus Christ covers
them.
And Father, I thank you, Lord,
that whatever plan the enemy has,
Father, I thank you that you're
uncovering it way before they even do
it,
you uncover it and you bring them to
justice.
Father, you're a good God.
We
are the victors. We have victory
in
Jesus, my Savior forever.
I thank you, Lord, for the Macy's
Thanksgiving Day Parade. We call a hedge
of protection all around the Macy's
Thanksgiving Day Parade. We thank you,
Lord, that there's no
semis or trucks trying to run into the
people, no mass casualties of
any kind. There's protection around that
parade in Jesus'name. In the next three
weeks,
every plot against New
Year's Eve
or
Black Friday
shoppers, we
call forth protection
over the
Mall of America shoppers and Walmart
shoppers to be protected
from any mass shootings events like they
were trying to do during
Halloween and the
Jihad
Day or whatever they're going to
do. Father, in Michigan, I thank
you, Lord, that every plot during this
Black Friday shopping is
brought to justice in the name of Jesus.
And they expose themselves; they would know
exactly the chatter, and we
would catch onto the chatter and
expose it in the name of Jesus. All
Black Friday shopping is protected in
the name of Jesus. We thank you, Lord,
that the economy is booming. We call the
economy to boom, crypto to soar, gold to
soar, silver to soar, and the housing market
to soar. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
credit
is going to be better.
Everything's going to be better. Father,
we're calling a turnaround for a window
in Jesus'name, for the wealth
of the sinner to be laid up for the
righteous in the name of Jesus, that
this wave would take place before the
Christmas season. A major supernatural
wealth transfer begins now in the name
of Jesus.
We're calling it in, and we call those
things that be not as though they were
in the mighty name of Jesus.
Everybody say amen on that. Do you
agree? And we believe we
receive supernatural blessing and
that, Father, it starts even with our
Supreme Court. They pass this budget and
get these things done, and it starts even
in Europe and all over Canada. Father, I
thank you, Lord, for a radical move of
God, even in Canada,
that we're always in the right place at
the right time doing exactly what you've
called us to do. And we believe we
receive it and our churches are safe as
people go to church tomorrow
for
their Sunday services. We thank you,
Lord, for supernatural protection. And
it continues through the Christmas
season at Rockefeller Center,
where they're going to light the tree.
Father, we cover that in the name of
Jesus. We already
pray over that event and that there's a
flow of the Holy Ghost and that, Father,
the law enforcement have their
eyes open. They're looking and
they're not distracted in the name of
Jesus, the same with all
our security in the airports. Thank you,
Father.
Well, I prayed in
English. I felt the anointing after
that, that what the Lord wanted was the
altar call tonight. Whoever we are
praying for, I believe you got
saved. That's what the Lord wanted.
There was somebody he was after. I know
he was after all of you, but
he said, 'Brandon, I want you to go on
there and do what we did.'And we did
that, and we obeyed.
So
every single one of you is special. But
he said, 'Brandon, go on there and do what
we did.'And I'm excited we did
it. As late as it
is—it's
almost midnight—so God bless you all.
If you're new here and you've never
subscribed to my channel, please help
me. Subscribe to this channel, click the
notification bell if you've not ever
done that before, and comment something nice
down below. Tell us how we're doing. If
you're enjoying this channel and it's
a
blessing to you and you're getting
something out of it—if you're getting
fed spiritually, if you're learning
something about prayer—give us positive
feedback if you can. And if you
want to be ugly about it and
you don't like it, then just don't say
anything
at all. But at
least we know if we're on the right road
for some of you. If you say, 'Hey, this
is changing my life; you feel that God
is bringing you up higher in your prayer
time,'and
you're learning
something, I
always appreciate the positive feedback
about
what's going on with your life. If
you're feeling impartation, if
you're feeling like God is doing
something, it's
encouraging. Braden likes to read it
and he tells Daddy—he tells me
now—I
couldn't read it anymore; it
distracts me too much. I have to follow
what the Holy Spirit tells me to say
regardless if you agree with it or not.
But I wanted to say the emails today
about the whole thing earlier about Paul
Bailey—I
feel like I addressed that
pretty well. I did it all in love.
So God bless you all and we appreciate
you being a part of our YouTube
community. We always close by saying
this: Put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much and we love you. And we'll see you
again tomorrow on Sunday night prayer.
God bless you all. Bye-bye.